it was the start of a journey marking
the end of Michael Jackson's life after
a private family service at a cemetery
in the Hollywood Hills the singer's body
was driven in a police motorcade ten
miles south to the downtown area of Los
Angeles this is the hearse that is
carrying Michael Jackson's body in it
for the memorial service inside this
large indoor arena fans had started
arriving at the Staples Center hours
before the event was scheduled to begin
many couldn't believe their luck at
winning the ticket lottery only
seventeen and a half thousand had
managed to get tickets millions had
applied but once inside the security
Corden's they were also mindful of why
they'd come here well I believe it's
actually the right here it's so excited
so there's no words to say anything I'm
really emotion right now oh my god I
just can't I'm only 21 so I feel like I
feel like I'm witnessing history right
now it's like I'm glad to be a part of
it many famous faces were also among the
invited guests here to pay their last
respects it's a story of hope
joy and celebration a lot of sadness
we've lost him so soon
but his music legacy and his cultural
contribution will last a long time
inside the show itself was a mixture of
big Hollywood production and raw human
emotion fans watched as Michael
Jackson's coffin was brought out center
stage the casket rumored to be 14-karat
gold
major music stars like Mariah Carey uh
sure plays gone too soon
and Stevie Wonder performed alongside
lesser known ones like the
eleven-year-old finalists of Britain's
Got Talent
others simply pay tribute to the Michael
Jackson they knew I loved him all my
life one of the first records my brother
and I ever bought was dancing machines
and I'll never forget the two of us
trying to like get the robot going
trying to be like the Jackson 5 thank
you thank you I used to tease him and
I'd say you know I started when I was 11
months old you're a slacker
you were what five when he started
wearing the glove I was like what's up
with the glove I was like look if you're
gonna hold my hand I better be the non
gloved one because sequins really hurt
me in the music world he put on one
glove pulled his pants up and broke down
the color Kurt when our videos are shown
and magazines put us on the cover it was
Michael Jackson that brought blacks and
whites and Asians and Latinos together
it was Michael Jackson it made us sing
we are we're watching the event from the
front row Michael Jackson's children his
family and his brothers one of them
taking to the stage for his own solo
tribute
though your heart is aching smile even
though it's breaking win-win
there are clouds in the sky Michael's
brother Milan also paid his respects
so Michael remember a time when I went
into the record store and there was this
man purchasing a lot of CDs and he would
go and grab another batch of CDs he was
an older gentleman
he had short afro but crooked teeth and
his clothes were rumpled I walked up
behind him and said Michael what are you
doing in his door he turned to me as in
Marlon how did you know it was me I told
him you're my brother I can spot you
anywhere regardless of your makeup and
finally and perhaps the most emotional
moment the words of Michael Jackson's
daughter
ever since I was born daddy has been the
best father you can ever imagine
so a real bittersweet day for the
Michael Jackson fans a chance to say
goodbye but also to celebrate his life
but the controversy still surrounding
his death this is far from the end of
the Michael Jackson story